DOC-1010: Document Print plugin move (#2184)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-information/release-notes/6_0_0/6_0_0-release-notes-core-changes.md

### Feature name

> ### Print plugin moved to TinyMCE Core

Reviewer: I noticed while doing the docs for the `hr` move that this is in the wrong spot... this isn't a new feature it's a functionality change so it should be under that section. I've reworked the section for my PR to follow the same major and minor layout used for features/enhancements.

- [ ] Move to correct section

Author: Matched what you did with HR

Author: Wait, no, that was the other file

Author: Okay, have moved both now

> The Print plugin has been moved to Core in TinyMCE 6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Print plugin has been moved to Core in {{site.productname}} 6.0.
```

> Its toolbar button, menu item, shortcut and command will now work by default, without needing to specify `print` as a plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The print toolbar button, menu item, shortcut, and command will now work by default, without needing to specify `print` as a plugin.
```

> The print toolbar button, menu item, shortcut, and command will now work by default, without needing to specify `print` as a plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `print` toolbar button, menu item, shortcut, and command will now work by default, without needing to specify `print` as a plugin.
```
See previous comment about this?

Author: Changed this to the same as the previous comment, and discussed with Tyler.

> Integrators can remove `print` from the `plugins` section of their TinyMCE configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrators can remove `print` from the `plugins` section of their {{site.productname}} configuration.
```
